When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

If you want your repo to be accessible from anywhere. 

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

so we have control over when it happens. Sometimes the internet may not be connected so that will lead to errors? Not sure. 


Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

Forks when on github and want to attribute someone for their work. Clone to copy onto local machine n edit etc. Branch when 
you just want to try out new stuff on your clone or local repo. 


What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

Well have the latest version thats the main thing. can push to it when it becomes outdated. 

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

Without using would be very hard because we would probably need
a folder for each persons changes to the master code. Then merging wouldnt be helped along by software so it would be harder. There wouldnt be an interface like Git to help things.
Every change in a file which you would otherwise have committed
would now need to be in a different file if you wanted that version. So there would be lot of versions just to look at. 


When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?

Changes in a seperate branch means that there will be more addntl work when it comes to catching up with the changes others make in github. There will be more steps to take to update local master from github when you want to update branches. Having said that, branches are the only way to go if you want to make a new feature without disrupting the master code. Later
once the new feature has been tested to not break it could be merged in in the ways discussed. 